For this assignment I used authoring which contains data that's version controlled for example things like assets and scene gameobject. There is also a runtime mode in  authoring which contains the data that the runtime uses and modifies like for example the data or state Unity destroys when you exit playmode.

I did make a script called “playerAuthoring” and added some basic stuff like public floats for both move speed and shout cooldown, also a public gameobject for the bullet prefab. I made a public class called “PlayerBaker: Baker<PlayerAuthoring>” which is a process that transforms gameobject data in unity editor (authoring data) into entities written to entity scenes (runtime data). First thing I did was make a “public override void Bake” which took in a reference from the “PlayerAuthoring” class and in that class I'm getting the player entity so I can add components to it. The components is just a new PlayerComponent where I am setting all the new variables so both the move speed and shoot cooldown I'm getting from the authoring while the bulletPrefab i'm using “GetEntity” and then getting it from authoring. Because here in this script bulletPrefab is a gameObject but in the PlayerComponent script it is an Entity. 

I also created an EnemySpawnerAuthoring script where again I used baker to add components spawn cooldown and cameriaSize in a new “EnemySpawnerComponent”. I'm also making a list of the enemy data which is a struct that I've defined in the “EnemyDataContainer” script. So that i can convert the list of EnemySO of the scriptable objects into a list of enemy data which are just structs. So foreach loop I'm going through each item I have in the list assigning the same values into the new enemy data things like level, moveSpeed, health and health, the only different one is the prefab in which I use GetEntity.                    

